Redocly intro text (#200)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/_includes/redocly-intro.md

> This documentation provides descriptions of all the Adobe Commerce REST API endpoints. These three different REST APIs (Admin, Customer, and Guest) determine which endpoints are accessible. Select the Adobe Commerce version and corresponding API that you want to view the documentation for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schemas documented here are autogenerated from an instance of Adobe Commerce with B2B. Each schema represents a specific user role (Admin, Customer, and Guest) and determines which endpoints are accessible. Use the version switcher to select an Adobe Commerce version and corresponding API.
```
